hi guys in this recipe video you will
learn how to make super flavorful
delicious easy to prepare healthy and
nutritious curried chickpeas for this
recipe you will require two cups of
boiled chickpeas I have boiled them in
the pressure cooker you can also put
them in a pot or you've them out of a
can set them aside and let's work on our
masala for this you will require four
cloves of garlic 2 inch piece of ginger
chopped in big chunks and a 1 onion we
are going to blend all these ingredients
together to have a smooth paste so
ginger garlic and in Xena blender i'm
adding 1 foot cup of water and we are
going to blend them together and you can
see the consistency of the onion page
should not be too thick or too thin we
are going to fry this masala serena van
go ahead and add 2 to 3 tablespoons of
oil using peanut oil here once the oil
is hot go ahead and add cumin seeds half
a teaspoon and half a teaspoon of
mustard seats using yellow mustard here
let your seats flutter and give them
about 45 seconds and then go ahead and
add your onion paste we are going to fry
our masala for 2 to 3 minutes until it's
no longer raw reduces in volume changes
the color adding salt half a teaspoon
you can add more as per your preference
and half a teaspoon of red chili flakes
for that hint of spice mix these spices
together and then you can cover the pan
and let people sala get ready while the
masala is cooking let's prepare the
tomato puree so adding two fresh
tomatoes and blending them to have a
nice fine fresh tomato puree now add
this in the
onion paste once the onion paste is
ready you can see changing color it has
reduced in volume it's no longer raw now
adding our tomato puree in our onion
masala and we will cook this for another
three to four minutes so just mix
everything Bun together and then cover
the pan again and let the tomatoes book
they have reduced in size no longer
wrong masala looks ready here changing
father gasp LOL shade darker now add a
car boiled chickpeas mix them well so
that they are barefooted 50 masala and
then add 1 tablespoon of curry powder
curry powder recipe right here in the
link you can make your own or order them
on our website you can even got off so
curry powder mixed well with the
chickpeas and we are finishing it off
with dried facili neatly witches fellow
gleek late so half a teaspoon of crushed
fenugreek leaves and garnish it with
some cilantro leaf so you're correct
chickpeas already go ahead serve them
with rice enjoy them with parantha with
roti and give this recipe a try share it
with others and don't forget to
subscribe to ET still in channel for
tasty recipes